my name is Guillaume PA and I am the
founder of two notes audio engineering
welcome to the two notes headquarters I
started the topical project in 2006 here
in Montpellier just after I finished my
PhD I wanted to create a product that
would help me use my 100 watt amplifier
many at home to record my music and
sometimes on stage to play in the best
conditions I wasn't quite satisfied
either with other like speaker
simulations or with all-in-one modeling
solutions
I simply wanted the sound of Maya with
my effects and out of something that
tried to sound like my amp the torpedo
VB 101 was our first product and it is
still the best we have but our best
sellers are the top you live in cab that
were designed to go on stage the
combination of a studio grades
electronics and the top it'll speaker
processing is so far one of the best I
love marking solutions and certainly the
most advanced on the market
my name is Evo and I'm in charge of
researching new algorithms for two nuts
my name is Bruno
I am the head of the research and
development team I specialized in DSP
programming and analog design I started
working on the VB 101 in 2006 and we
could see early on that the concept was
very promising
we started within a few month with an
ugly-looking prototype but the difficult
part was to get an actual product from
that prototype and my goal was to
transform this embedded PC running Linux
into a high efficiency DSP based VB 101
actually this this prototype is now back
to being a sever busy once we had
established the concept of the lock box
coupled with a powerful digital
processor we took some inspiration from
the studio world to design the best
converter possible indeed it is the
whole analog design around the converter
that guarantees that you send the best
signal to the processor from the first
drawings to the final schematics
mechanical plans and programming
everything is done here in the surface
my name is Raphael and I'm in charge of
developing the top feeder plugins having
both hardware and software expertise is
very important for us as we can take the
best of both worlds
we want to be as close as possible to
our customers so we spend a lot of time
on our online help desk and ìletís
internet forums my name is Roma and we
talk about these relations and
international communication for two
notes the artists we work with on really
taking care of folio both our first
source of inspiration and the best
prescribers for us
my name is Benedict and gives assistance
I'm in Chadron with the administrative
part of tea notes and the relation with
customers and suppliers
I also measure most of the cabinet
present in the table you do projects and
if you call the company I will be
answering I'm sure a sales manager I am
most of the time out of the office I
managed the tunis worldwide distribution
network we moved to this place in 2010
because we needed extra space to
manufacturers or torpedo ourselves most
of its parts are local and everything is
assembled tested and program here in
Montpellier the two nuts products are
designed for guitarist and bassist to
play real amps and preamps if that's how
they feel most comfortable as we are
musicians too we know that what matters
first is how you feel when you play that
you love your tone and feel supported by
it now if you'll excuse me the audience
is waiting
you